fears are growing of an escalation in
the fighting along the Israel Lebanon
border that's following Saturday's
deadly rocket strike on the Israeli
controlled golen Heights at least 12
children and teenagers were killed and
dozens more wounded after Rockets hit a
football field in an Arab Drew Community
Israel is blaming Hezbollah for the
attack but the iran-backed militant
group denies any
involvement the funeral procession
through the streets of maal Shams was
thousands
strong the rocket strike that killed 12
people on a soccer field was the
deadliest attack in months since then
exchanges of fire with the Lebanese
militant group Hezbollah have
escalated for the local Drew community
in the Israel occupied Golan Heights
it's a
shock we are not more precious than
children who are killed anywhere else in
the country nor than the innocent killed
in southern Lebanon more than innocent
children killed in Gaza our children are
not more precious than them we're human
beings we live our lives in peace and
Tranquility we need to strive now to
sign a deal and stop this damned War we
want to live we don't want to
die despite regular crossb hostilities
Hezbollah denies attacking the football
pitch where the victims were playing but
Israel's Army Chief says they have
evidence proving
otherwise this ISB rocket whoever fires
Rockets like these into an urban area
wants to kill civilians wants to kill
children Israeli Defense Forces reacted
just hours later they say this footage
shows air strikes against Hezbollah
military Targets in Southern and Central
Lebanon we are significantly increasing
are read for the next stage of fighting
in the north at the same time we are
fighting in Gaza we are also able to
attack very far away from the state of
Israel there will be more challenges we
will increase our Readiness we will act
strong when
needed Lebanon has warned that a
significant attack by Israel would lead
to a regional
War we can now speak to DW correspondent
Tanya Kramer she joins us from maal
Shams which is of course the sight of
yesterday's rocket attack so Tanya can
you give us a sense of what the
situation is right now where you
are well this is certainly a town in
shock and in mourning we saw the funeral
processions and the 11 children were
laid to rest we understand from police
sources a 12th child is still Officially
Missing and they're uh uh trying to
identify uh uh the child now we're
standing here here at this football uh
pitch uh where it all happened and
people talking to us here they said it
all happened very fast there was an aid
saren and just a couple of seconds later
they heard a hit uh when those children
here all aged between the ages of 10 to
20 uh were killed and many were were
injured uh some of them are still some
of them seriously injured uh in a
hospital so uh they almost didn't stand
a chance you know to run for a small
shelter which is over there uh to run uh
for their safety so um people here are
still very worried what there's to come
but also of course today it is a day of
morning here and now Tanya as we've
mentioned Israel already launched a
number of retaliatory strikes on
presumed Hezbollah positions in Lebanon
can we expect
more yes the Army has said they had uh
carried out retaliatory strikes already
overnight as they say deep inside
Lebanon but also in southern Lebanon on
infrastructure uh hasola infrastructure
but of course right now everybody's
waiting uh to to see what if if you will
hear from them the uh Israeli security
cabinet it has been convening this
afternoon prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu came back from the United
States what they will decide there's a
lot of pressure inside from this
government to retaliate forcefully but
we also understand from diplomatic
forces that they don't want to see a
wider escalation so it all depends in
what scope uh uh Israel it's expected
they will retaliate but in what scope
and and and when this will happen
because all of this of course as you
rightly said there are uh concerns that
this could lead uh to uh a wider
escalation even a wider war that was DW
correspondent Tanya Kramer reporting for
us from majal Shams in the Golden
Heights Tanya thank
you Marina Miron is a military analyst
with King's College London and a short
time ago I asked her why Hezbollah is
denying the attack on the Israeli
controlled Goen Heights well first of
all if we look at the Dynamics of the
conflict between Israel and hasah we
have seen these Ted fortad attacks going
on but both sides were sticking to
so-call UNR Rules of Engagement and
trying to hit only military Targets on
both sides and I do not believe that
hasah has any interest in escalating
this conflict and perhaps Israel doesn't
either because this would spark a uh
bigger conflict in the Middle East with
a potential involvement of other actors
such as Iran and therefore for for
Hezbollah it wouldn't be the best time
to start this conflict its aims are
fairly limited and I think uh from a
logical from a military perspective and
as we've heard before um the missile
might have been misfired and there is
there was a military installation very
close by they um they they wouldn't want
to Target civilians waste their missiles
on targeting civilians so it would seem
a little bit out of character for hollah
and so I think what they're trying to do
is prevent the further escalation to
this conflict
we've already seen Israel retaliating
with a number of strikes on Hezbollah
Targets in Lebanon but we did hear the
Israeli government warning that
Hezbollah will pay a price for this loss
so is there going to be more what could
uh this kind of additional retaliation
look
like well that's actually a good
question because uh what we have seen so
far as the um Israeli strikes on Lebanon
are not meant to be um carried out as
retaliation for the earlier strike by by
supposedly by Hezbollah so we are
awaiting a wider response and nobody
knows what this response will be like
and of course it is a huge concern for
the United States and as other allies of
Israel therefore I think before Israel
can formulate a response um the Allies
will exert pressure in order to ensure
that the conflict doesn't escalate and
specifically I'm talking about the
United States because um we know that
next week there should be uh ceasefire
negotiations in Rome and that could
undermine those negotiations and
potentially prolong the conflict in Gaza
that was Marina Miron a military analyst
with the war studies department at
King's College London Marina many thanks
indeed for your
insights well we can now bring in DW
Beirut bureau chief Muhammad sh Muhammad
good to see you what can you tell us
about Israel's strikes on Lebanon and
about possible reactions by
Hezbollah well Israel has been striking
Lebanon over last night it carried out
at least five different attacks
including an air strike deep inside
Lebanese territory near bbeak a city in
Northeast Lebanon nearly 70 k away from
the border with Israel usually this is
followed by retaliatory attack
byah on Northern Israel and and that has
been the case uh this afternoon hasah um
claimed two attacks at least up until
now on Israeli uh positions in Northern
uh Israel the the the armed group is on
high alert here in Beirut we've been
hearing uh that it cleared out some key
sites in both lebanon's South and
Eastern baa Valley in the event of a
possible attack by Israel following the
deadly attack on the Israeli occupied
Golan Heights which Israel is blaming
onah and hasbullah is
denying yeah so um you know indeed we've
heard uh already for several hours the
denials from Hezbollah that it was
responsible for that attack on the Drews
Community what exactly have they been
saying
well we know that hasah claimed did
claim uh uh that it carried out at least
12 attacks on Israeli positions
yesterday including two attacks on
Israeli positions in the gulan Heights
one of which is really close to M sham
so it could be that the missile did
wrongly hit the soccer field in
Mah is is denying this it also could be
that the Israeli interception um Iron
Dome U fired a missile that hit that
soccer field Israel is uh obviously
denying uh this as well but this has
been widely uh uh shared opinion in in
Lebanon and across uh the the region so
M CHS is prominent predom predominantly
um resided by um Arab Drews and that's
that's a major reason uh why hasah
wouldn't want to Target this Arab uh
community and that's why it's it's
denying any responsibility for the
attack and now Muhammad what has been
the official reaction from Lebanese
officials and also can you give us a
sense of how ordinary people feel about
this latest
escalation well certainly tension is
building on on this front and that
brings about anxiety in in beut and fear
from a wider confrontation you know an
allout War cannot be ruled out in in
such very tense times however it is
still like it feels like a a contained
confrontation at least for the time
being and this has really been the case
since October so the front looks like U
very tensed on on the edge of a an
allout War but then it goes back to calm
and the to the daily routine the usual
tick for tack between buah and the
Israeli Army now we know that political
and diplomatic um um calls and talks
with Lebanon and Israel have been
already established to deescalate the
situation particularly from the US and
Lebanese uh foreign minister said so he
said that the US asked uh the Lebanese
government to curb hasah and in return
the Lebanese government asked uh the US
to um ask Israel to actually exercise
restraint that was DW beu bureau chief
Muhammad traa Muhammad thank you so much
for your reporting we appreciate it